## Performance objectives
  - Acceptable response time (a duration within which some percentage of all applications have completed)
  - Average throughput levels (the total number of transactions or server hits completed within a given time)
  - Number of concurrent interactive users

## Important Note
   The acceptable values (thresholds) for these objectives need to be determined according to 
   Application under test (AUT) type and its behaviour
        

## Jmeter Metrics
**jmeter offers some measurments to give indications for the previously mentioned performance objectives:**

1- Active Threads Over Time:  This metric shows how many active threads are there in each thread group during test run.

2- Bytes Throughtput over Time : This graph will display the amount of bytes sent and received by JMeter during the load test.
   - In a system that is not constrained by bandwidth, this number should scale linearly with the applied load (number of users).

3- Connect times over Time: this graph will display the average time to establish connection during the load test.

4- Server Hits per Second:  will display the hits generated by the test plan to the server per second. 
   - Hits uncludes child samples from transactions and embedded resources hits.
   - Note: Sometimes you can have higher throughput at the cost of response time
            or better response time at the cost of throughput. In other situations, a single 
            change can improve both. Acceptable performance is based on reasonable throughput 
            combined with reasonable response time.

5- Response time per second:  This graph will display for each sampler the average response time in milliseconds.

6- Response latencies over time: This graph will display the response latencies during the load test. 
   - A latency is the duration between the end of the request and the beginning of the server response.

7- Responce codes per second: This graph will display the response code per second returned during the test.

8- Transactions per second: This graph shows the number of transactions per second for each sampler. 
It counts for each seconds the number of finished transactions. it will also display the failed transactions.
   - Transaction is just an atomic unit of work. It's the smallest change to a system that a external observer can perceive. For example, if you put an insert and an update in a single database transaction, the database guarantees that no query on the database would "see" the inbetween state.
